# Organisation of project

## Repository

### cslconf
TODO : complete
### csldata
Contains BD for ip-country mapping, plus som javascript scripts.
### datafile
Contains models created by the previous IDS. It also contains some authentication rules.
### docs
Contains documentation about the project.
### idsdata
Contains data from previous IDS. In particular some training datasets, some rules, pcap files, ...
### idslogs
Contains the alerts generated by the IDS (Suricata, ...).
### lib
Contains the downloaded packages.
### public
Contains an HMI. Deprecated?
### public3
Contains an HMI. Deprecated?
### ressources
TODO: complete about the logback xml script
### runconfig
Contains the configuration for the CSL project. Most files are unused. The main configuration is at `/runconfig/CSLConfigIDS.json`.
If the file doesn't exist, copy, paste `CSLConfigIDS_template.json` and rename it to `CSLConfigIDS.json`
### src
Contains the code of the project. This is detailed in section Code organisation
### .classpath
Eclipse mapping for libraries.
### .dockerignore
Ignored files for docker, i.e. certification or output folder.
### .gitignore
Ignored files for git, i.e. certification or output folder.
### .project
Eclipse specs about the project
### build.xml
Eclipse building script
### cacerts.jks
Certification for secured connexions.
### configuration.json
Another configuration file. Used?
### create_certificate_store.sh
Script that stores the certification file for the secured connexions.
### CurrentIDSParams.json
Some flags for the IDS.
### Dockerfile
Dockerfile for the docker configuration for the CSL-Client.
### Dockerfile.srv
Dockerfile for the docker configuration for the CSL-Server.
### entrypoint.sh
Docker entrypoint script for CSL-Client adn CSL-Server.
### export*.xml
Export configuration files for creating the different jars: clients, servers, tests, ... REMARK : cleaning?
### jar-in-jar-loader.zip
Jar loader for the different jars created with previous configurations.
### TRACE*.txt
Running traces.  REMARK : remove them , or if created by the project, store them somewhere away from the root of the project?
### W_CSL.iml
Eclipse module manager configuration.

---

# Code organisation
## - scr / com
TODO : Contains all packages for the project CSL.
### scr / com / csl
Contains all the business-logic classes of the CSL-client, the real and bulk functionalities of CSL-Client.
- `scr/com/csl/alert` : Contains all alert managing files.
- `scr/com/csl/core` : Contains all the global Context files.
- `scr/com/csl/defaultclasses` : Generic classes.
- `scr/com/csl/devdb` : TODO : complete
- `scr/com/csl/ids` : Contains different tools for managing the IDS
- `scr/com/csl/intercom` : Contains different packages for managing the communication with the
  different connexions: APIHandlers, MQttHandlers, ... It contains also some json formating tools.
- `scr/com/csl/interfaces` : Contains the bulk of interfaces of this package
- `scr/com/csl/logger` : Contains some tools for logging. REMARK : same classes seem mixed with `scr/com/csl/defaultclasses`
- `scr/com/csl/modules` : Contains modules (only IDS module).
- `scr/com/csl/monitor` : Contains classes for the activity history and monitoring.
- `scr/com/csl/udp` : Contains classes for UDP connexions. REMARK: maybe move this package into web?
- `scr/com/csl/util` : Contains helper tools for this package
- `scr/com/csl/web` : Contains helper tools for connexion, like authentication, proxy, low level web sockets, or servers.
### scr / com / ucsl
Interfaces some tools, some json classes and the miniserver. TODO: complete REMARK: logic of this package?
### scr / com / wcsl.ids
Processor, managers and factories for the IDS.

## - src / io.jsonwebtoken
jsonwebtoken library downloaded. REMARK : replace by the library jsonwebtoken?

## - src / ipublic
An HMI to control something through WebSocket at localhost:63342, probably a CSL Demo. DEPRECATED?

## - src / main
Main classes, services and other classes in the interface with the outer of the CSL-Client. Some services contain also
some business logic.
### scr / main / demo
Demo and tests files
### scr / main / extensions
TODO : complete
### scr / main / help
TODO : complete
### scr / main / services
Router for the API commands separated in services depending on the scope of these commands. These services may contain some business logic.
These services are detailed in section Services.
### scr / main / test
Dummy tests for API runner and UDP connexion
### scr / main / util
Some tools.
### scr / main / xcom
Web socket and Main Remote. REMARK : maybe this can be moved into `src/com`?
### scr / main / CSLIDSMainClient.java
JVM entrypoint for the CSL-Client. Quite similar to CSL-Server.
### scr / main / CSLIDSMainServer.java
JVM entrypoint for the CSL-Server. Quite similar to CSL-Client.
### scr / main / KillMosquito.java
TODO : complete
## - src / org
Some downloaded packets. TODO : replace by the libraries.
- https://github.com/apache/velocity-engine/tree/master/velocity-engine-core/src/main/java/org/apache/velocity
- https://github.com/lightcouch/LightCouch/tree/master/src/main/java/org/lightcouch
- https://github.com/jeremyh/jBCrypt/blob/master/src/main/java/org/mindrot/BCrypt.java
- https://github.com/stevespringett/CPE-Parser/tree/master/src/test/java/org/mitre
- https://github.com/narkisr/nmap4j/tree/master/src/main/java/org/nmap4j
## - src / spark
Spark downloaded packet. src: https://github.com/perwendel/spark
**TODO**: check if code source modified. If not, replace by source.
